# Rear View Mirror.

## Description

A PSX style horror game about driving your car on a lone highway late at night. As you progress to your destination you notice a car pull up in your rear view mirror... but only your rear-view mirror. 

*Only trust your eyes.*

## SPOILERS

You start in a simple car interior where you can interact with a few things in your eye sight. You have your mirrors, you radio station, and some AC dials to adjust. Outside of that, it is just you, your car, and the road. Being as it is a highway, there is not much to see, espesially at this time of night. Ocassionally the "hasty" car catches up with you. You usally decide to let them pass, as no one likes being tailgated at 75+ mph. A radio station is on; It only, some what frequently changes songs to songs you would honestly never listen to, but you decide to listen anyways because, you need anything to drown out the sleepiness, loneliness, and deafening silence. As you progress on your drive, the radio begins to turn to static. You think nothing of this. Weird as it is, this usually happens when your this far on your drive. Sometimes you even think to your self, "This is a worst part of the drive..." As a way to cope during these times, you often find your self day-dreaming in an attempt to postpone dozing off. Yet again, another, impatient driver pulls up on you. You fail to notice, and are slightly startled, because you were distracted by the lack of sleep. You only realize they are their because, after flashing their brights at you, they began aggressively honking their horn. As with these kinds of drivers, you decide to let them pass. You even think to your self as they pass, "I don't get why someone would tailgate that close. Like, how much faster do you think doing something, that dangerous, is going to get you." You decide to try the radio again to no avail. After a few minutes you are back in your almost zombified state. Right before you fully zone back off, another car pulls up on you. You are slightly grateful for how much following distance they are keeping. You even think, "How nice of them for following basic road laws. :)". Alas, they are a little closer than you would like, so, like the many cars before them, you signal for them to pass. Weirdly though, they don't. You think, "O.K. then, maybe they are a somewhat decent driver, and don't mind going the speed limit." You then merge back into your lane, and resume driving as normal. After not only a few minutes though, you notice they are seeming to edge closer and closer. Again you attempt to let them pass. Again, they seem not to take you up on the offer. You begin to have a deep seeded bout of anxiety; "What is up with this person", you think. During this time of confusion, you think perhaps maybe, they are a cop. This leads you to double check that everything is where it is supposed to be. This also includes your mirrors. Whilst checking and adjusting your mirrors. You notice, it seems to only appear in your main rear view. Initially you thought this was because you mirrors were just so incredibly out of alignment. You then decided to physically look behind you. You notice... There is no car. You look back in front of you to notice there was no car in the reflection of your mirror. This naturally gets your heart pumping a bit. "Did I just hallucinate that?" After letting your thoughts wander for only a few seconds, before you can even reclaim your bearings, you almost hit, what you presume, is a deer. Thankfully you mangaged to swerve just in time. In your haze of confusion, fear, and adrenaline, you say to yourself, "Ok...", with a big sigh, "I think I should pull over and take a nap." Usually, this is not something you have to do. Though slightly annoyed, you decide it is probably for the best. You begin to slow down and pull over. You engage you hazards, and just when your speed starts to dip below 25 MPH, you notice that car again, directly behind you. Of course you could be mistaken and it could be someone else, but you swear those are the exact same head lights. Still a little high off adrenaline, with a feeling of dread, you decide to start picking up speed again; This time a little faster than before. In a confused bout of fear, you of course, can't seem to keep your eyes from bouncing towards that mirror. After some time, you just can't refuse the temptation and curiosity. Again you check your mirrors. Left mirror, nothing. Right mirror, nothing. Rear-view, gleaming headlights. You decide to check again behind you. No one. You look ahead to notice you are mere milliseconds away from rear ending a car. This time though you note the head lights in your rear view, don't disappear. In an ever increase sense of fear you feel impatient for this car ahead of you. "Can they go any faster... Or get out the way." The headlight approach closer. You begin to flash your brights at the driver ahead of you. No response. You check your mirror again. They lights grow closer. In desperation, you start honking your horn with a quality of haste. The driver ahead lets you pass. You check your rear view one more time. The head lights are gone again. You decide to maintain your elevated speed, though it does bring risk, you would rather not figure out what happens if that car catches you. Twenty minutes pass, and thankfully no other weird experiences happen. "Maybe it was just the lack of sleep." Despite still slightly being disoriented form the series of events, you decide to pull over for a nap. You come to a stop, turn off the car, double check your doors and windows are locked, then you drift off into a nap. This takes longer than usual.. You wake up, slightly dizzy and very groggy. You then check the time, "One hour, eight minutes.. Not bad." Then you set back on the road. You attempt the radio again, and to your suprise, you actually manage to get some music. At least this time you will have something to keep you alert. You think, "I probably should get some caffeine in my system..." The cup of coffee you had this morning sits in your cup holder. Though it is cold, it has a few drops. Obviously, not enough for the desired effects, so you plan to stop at the next gas station. After all, that speeding didn't net you good fuel efficiency. "It would also be nice to not have to experience that whole thing again..." A few more miles in, and your low gas indicator comes on. "I should be fine as long as I get to a gas station before I hit 'E'. Anything after that is kind of risking it." You shut off the A/C in an attempt to conserve some fuel. You have no idea if turning off the radio will help, but "It has to get energy some how..", so you decide to turn that off as well. Again, you, the street, and the sound of wind bouncing off your wind shield. You begin to think, "It's kind of been awfully quiet. Usually there would have at least been someone, even going the other way, by now.", after a moment you then think, "Well, not having to worry about people doesn't hurt." You continue your drive and note how you are "Really going to be cutting it close". Like clock work as soon as you thought that, you see headlights in the distance. In slight panick you check all of your mirrors. The car thankfully seems to appear in all of them. "Though", you think to your self, "that line of thinking makes absolutely no sense.", you still feel a sense of relief. They slowly creep forward as the miles pass. They then start getting uncomfortably close. You honestly kind of miss the lack of other people now. In your irrational state of drowsiness though, you decide to "stick it to them". They continue to inch forward. "You ain't going to get me to move.", you think to your self. Though you note they seeming lack of impatience. "By this point", you note, "people of that attitude would be honking, maybe even 'throwing birdies'." Despite this you continue with your unwillingness to move over. They then continue to inch forward. You start getting frustrated yourself. "Why can't people just be patient.", you think. By this point they are now withing inches of your bumper. You can't seem to make it out due to their bright headlights, but it looked like a long, dark arm came out of the window. You presume that was the "birdie" you were looking for. You decide to roll down your window and throw one back. You then pull your arm back in and roll up your window. You are honestly quite suprised the person hasn't just gone around you into the on-coming lane. You then decide to turn around and try to get a better look at who this person is. Before you can even fully turn your head, your realize, there's no light on your shoulder. You look up quickly and notice, again.... There is no car.... You put your eyes back on the road, and see a face smiling from the top of your windshield before it quickly retreats and you see the head lights again. "Oh shit...", you think. You can feel your heart beating like it is going to pop out of your chest. You then also remember your gas situation. By this point your are loosing it. "WHAT THE HELL, WHAT THE FUCK. AH HELL FUCKING NOOOO...." You floor your accelerator. Thankfully it doesn't seem like that car had the power to keep up. At this point you do not care if you run out of fuel, you need to "GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE". At this point any sign of humanity would be like a sip of water after being stranded in a desert. In your frightened frenzy, you notice extremely bright, blindingly white headlights, as well as flashing red and blue lights. "Shit...", you think to yourself after realizing it is the cops. You begin to slow down, trying to think of a somewhat believable excuse. "Why of all the people who speed, does it have to be me, to night." You almost come to a stop when a sinking feeling hits you, "What if that cop is not real..." Previously looking the car physically worked, so you attempt to try it again. Alas, it is not there. By this point you are thinking, "I am not stopping until I get to the damn gas-station. I will deal with the damn felonies later." Again you floor it. This time, nothing is going to stop you. You top out at almost 120 MPH. You then notice, you seem to be loosing power. You forgot about the gas. All you can do now, is coast. You everything in your power to save as much momentum as you can. You see lights of a gas station in this distance. By this point, all thoughts have stopped forming, you just need to make it to that station. You pull up to the turn with only 15 mph of momentum to spare. You pull in and as the light from the gas station fills your rear-view mirror. The cop seems to pull away.

TBC.

General idea:

You get coffee.
Ask clerk if they saw a cop behind you as you pulled up.
Clerk says they saw nothing.
You don't want to seem weird so you ask if the clerk gets any horror stories from passer bys.
The clerk obviously find this question kind of odd, and his face visually says so.
He then says, well, yes, but usually late at night when people like him come in with blood shot eyes and obviously either sleep deprived or drunk.
So he always chalked it up to weridos.

You then purchase your drink in silence and ask for $60 on your pump. You thank him and go to pump your gas.
You are still very on edge. Even though the darkness seems to extend out endlessly, nothing seems to happen.
You then get into your car, lock it and just take a moment to breathe. You then think about how much of a crackhead you must've looked like.
After giving your self a few more minutes to warm up, calm down, and sip your coffee you go on the road again. (Without noticing it the clerk slowly morphs into that face you saw hanging on your car). You can only really notice it as you pull away.

By this point you seem to have it down to a science when you encounter that car again. Look behind you to make it go away, but make sure there is nothing in front of you.

If the car is in only one mirror, move it away and again, try not to hit anything.

Failing to look behind you when the car is in all three causes it to start ramming into you, of course breaking your car and giving you a "point". You only get three per stop. The second time you fail. Your back glass breaks, the third time, it comes in and kills you.

If you do look behind you when you are not supposed to you hit it and it just looks at you then crawls awawy, the second point it's face is there and it slides away like the first time. Do it again, it breaks the glass and kills you.

If the radio comes on, it will slowly get louder and slowly change to a station, if you don't turn it off and set it back to the left most station, you start going insane and seeing things and it makes the other two situations occur more frequently, to where it might not even be possible to do both at the same time. There are 3 stops. Each stop is a gas station and you get to refill your coffee which gets rid of the insanity, but only once in between stops. Each stop, it gets harder, with the random situations happening more frequently, and or reaching a critical state more quickly.

After the third stop the states happen at such a pace, it is quite literally impossible to keep up.

On the last possible state where you have to turn around, or you will die, you do.
When you turn back around you slam into a car in front of you going almost 50 mph faster than it.

It then cuts to white. Where it then reads. "Please go the speed limit. You are not being chased by a demon."

End.


## Credits

[Low poly car](https://bricchi-games.itch.io/retro-car-with-interior)
[Trees](https://elegantcrow.itch.io/psx-retro-style-tree-pack)
